Adding documentation for the Analysis (#120)
SpoonLabs/coming: README.md

```
which means that there are 2 changes that update binary operators inside an if condition (i.e., the parent).

> ## Repairibility

Reviewer: typo Repairability

> When running Coming in mode `-mode Repairibility` the output is a file name `all_instances_found.json` , which shows the possible tool creating the commits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running Coming in mode `-mode repairibility`, the output is a file name `all_instances_found.json` , which shows the possible tool creating the commits.
```

The argument `-filter withtest` indicates that only commits with at least one modification on test cases are considered.

##Analysis
In order to perform an analysis of possible repair tools that may have generated commits use the python script at https://github.com/kth-tcs/defects4j-repair-reloaded/tree/comrepair-coming/.

use it as:

``` 

> python analyse_repairability_output.py <path to the json>

Reviewer: add the line to explain how to produce this JSON?

Author: Added. Thanks.

The argument `-filter withtest` indicates that only commits with at least one modification on test cases are considered.

> # Analysis

Reviewer: should be a subsection of Repairability in 3rd or 4th level `### Analysis`

In order to perform an analysis of possible repair tools that may have generated commits use the python script at https://github.com/kth-tcs/defects4j-repair-reloaded/tree/comrepair-coming/.

> create output json file by runnig the script with option `-mode Reapairibility ` and then:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
create the output json file by running the script with option `-mode repairibility ` and then:
```
